Here are a few challenging SQL questions to practice with

DATASET : https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/emmanueltugbeh/northwind-orders-and-order-details


QS.1	Calculate the total revenue for each customer in the second dataset.
QS.2	Find the orders that were shipped after the required date in the second dataset.
QS.3	Determine the average freight cost for each shipping method in the second dataset.
QS.4	Identify the top 5 customers with the highest total number of orders in the second dataset.
QS.5	Calculate the total revenue for each ship country in the second dataset.
QS.6	Find the products with the highest total sales quantity in the first dataset.
QS.7	Determine the average days taken to ship orders for each ship country in the second dataset.
QS.8	Identify the employee with the highest total sales revenue in the first dataset.
QS.9	Calculate the total revenue for each ship city in the second dataset.
QS.10	Find the orders with the highest unit price in the first dataset.
QS.11	Identify the orders with the longest duration between order date and shipped date in the second dataset.
QS.12	Determine the average discount percentage applied per order in the first dataset.
QS.13	Calculate the total revenue for each ship postal code in the second dataset.
QS.14	Find the products with the lowest total sales quantity in the first dataset.
QS.15	Identify the orders with the shortest duration between required date and shipped date in the second dataset.
QS.16	Determine the percentage of late shipments for each ship country in the second dataset.
QS.17	Calculate the total revenue for each ship region in the second dataset.
QS.18	Find the customers who have placed orders for products with the highest unit prices in the first dataset.
QS.19	Identify the orders with the highest total freight cost in the second dataset.
QS.20	Calculate the total revenue for each ship via method in the second dataset.
QS.21	Determine the percentage of orders with a discount applied in the first dataset.
QS.22	Find the customers who have placed the most orders in the second dataset.
QS.23	Identify the top 5 highest products based on revenue in the first dataset.
QS.24	Calculate the total revenue for each order date in the second dataset.
QS.25	Determine the average discount percentage applied for each product in the first dataset.
QS.26	Find the customers who have experienced the highest freight costs in the second dataset.
QS.27	Identify the employees who have processed the highest total number of orders in the second dataset.
QS.28	Find the total revenue for each product in the dataset.

